Trace Queries unified explorer: docs change (#21199)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_explorer/trace_queries.md

{{< img src="tracing/trace_queries/trace_queries_dataset.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="1% Flat Sampling" >}}

> Trace Queries are based on a **uniform 1% sample** of [ingested spans][3]. Read more about it [here][6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trace Queries are based on a **uniform 1% sample** of [ingested spans][3]. To learn more, read [one percent flat sampling][6].
```
